the most difficult part of my training, I would like to say, should be
new power school. Um, that's getting up early in the morning until
evening. You, of course, have time for, uh, toe workout. You have time
to eat lunch, But when you know, there's a test on Monday and you
don't really know much about the material, you spend that whole entire
weekend from sunup to sundown just studying. And I would like to
say that that whole entire two year training that I had learning about
electron ICS and he transferred fluid flow and nuclear technology
in chemistry. Um, doesn't quite compare to the training that I got
once I got to the USS John C. Stennis that a lot of, um, even non nukes
are gonna experience. And this is what I mean, when you're in school,
you're in a nice, safe environment. Um, the sun is shining. You
can kind of see out the window, but basically, you're at a desk and
you're typing and your writing and your, um, listening on did you
don't develop too much sweat. But when you're on the ship, uh, you
can have some days that are just as long or even longer. Um, when things
could break because of you, when people get hurt, sometimes when
you're falling asleep. But you're keeping yourself awake by drinking
lots of coffee. You know that training on and it is called training
because the whole entire time you're learning your actually doing
doing doing thin learning, doing, doing, doing, then learning, Um,
but that those years of my lives of my life was very intense, Thio,
to say the least.